                Boston Dynamics, Inc. (“Boston Dynamics”)
                       Software Development Kit License
                             (20191101-BDSDK-SL)

Copyright 2021 Boston Dynamics, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOWNLOADING, REPRODUCING, DISTRIBUTING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE
CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE.  THE SOFTWARE MAY NOT BE USED EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE.

The Boston Dynamics Software Development Kit (the “SDK Software”) is protected
by copyright law and international copyright treaties.

1. License:  Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you are
hereby granted a non-exclusive, terminal, worldwide, royalty-free license to
use, publish, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works for and
distribute in source code and object code form the SDK Software.

2. Conditions: 

(a) Any distribution of the SDK Software must include a complete copy of this
license and must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices.  The SDK
Software that is distributed (including modified versions of the SDK Software)
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this license.

(b) The SDK Software may not be combined or merged with other software in any
manner that would cause the SDK Software to become subject to terms and
conditions which differ from those of this license.

(c) The SDK Software is licensed solely and exclusively for use with products
offered for sale by Boston Dynamics, Inc. (“BD Products”).  Use of the SDK
Software with simulators and emulators is not prohibited so long as it is a
software based simulation / emulation. Use with any other hardware is strictly
prohibited.

(d) Licensee shall not use the name or any trademark of Boston Dynamics
(including those of its licensors) to endorse or promote products without prior
written consent of the owner of the name or trademark.

(e) Modified versions of the SDK Software must be conspicuously marked as such.

(f) Use of the SDK Software with a BD Product may require the use of a license
key, app token or similar item (“License Key”).  License Keys may be separately
issued by or on behalf of Boston Dynamics in its discretion.

(g) This license shall be governed by the laws of Massachusetts, without regard
to its conflict of laws rules.  The SDK Software shall only be used in
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including without
limitation export control laws.

(h) All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved.

3. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE SDK SOFTWARE AND ANY RELATED INFORMATION AND/OR
ADVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTEES OR
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Boston Dynamics has no obligation to provide
software support or updates.

4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW BOSTON
DYNAMICS (INCLUDING ITS LICENSORS) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING
FROM OR RELATED TO THE SDK SOFTWARE, ITS USE OR ANY RELATED INFORMATION AND/OR
SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANALOGOUS DAMAGES (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, REVENUE,
PROFITS, OR SAVINGS, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR ANY OTHER CAUSE), UNDER ANY LEGAL
THEORY (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE,
STRICT OR PRODUCT LIABILITY), EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.  Some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation
of liability for consequential, incidental or other damages, and, as such, some
portion of the above limitation may not apply.  In such jurisdictions,
liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.


MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 MASKOR & Boston Dynamics AI Institute

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright (c) 2021, Clearpath Robotics Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.